Refactor functional area overview (#658)
2i2c-org/team-compass: leads/governance.md

# Making decisions

Functional areas and their team leads follow our [Principles of decision making](../operations/governance.md).
This section describes more specific ways in which decisions usually happen.

## Decision-making scope

Generally speaking, we try to push decision-making as close to where the action happens as possible.
This means that most decisions are made by individuals without requiring a consultation with specific leaders in the organization.

### Within-area decisions

> For decisions that primarily affect their area and no others, team leads are empowered to make decisions on their own without requiring consent from other team members.

Author: ```suggestion
For decisions that primarily affect their area and no others, team leads are empowered to make decisions within their own team without requiring consent from team members of other areas.
```
